Travels and Holidays Web


1. User Login
2. Admin Login
3. Staff login
4. Booking 
5. Document Varification while Booking by admin or any API provided
6. Payment Gateway
7. Wallet
8. Landing Pages
9. Referrals


User Login

User Sign Up and Login Page
Email Verification
Login with Google
Login with Facebook 


Admin Login

Admin Login Page
Can edit and Update and Delete Users and Staff members
Set Staff Permissions for each and every Task according to Designation
Can Add and Deduct Payment in Wallet
Can Ban and restrict Users
Can See all transactions and Bookings User wise with Filter and Search feature
Can create, edit or delete Holidays Plans
Can create, edit or delete advertisement for Holidays Plans or any other update
Can send Email Notifications to all Users at a time OR by selecting Users
Get Customers support request Notification via Email

Staff Login

Staff Login Page 
Can do All the things which an Admin can do according to the Permissions


Booking

All types of Flights, Bus, Train and Hotel Bookings according to the API
Particular pages for every section
Bookings Search according to the Categories and Location
Search Filter Option according to DAYS, TIME, MONTH, PRICE and LOCATION
Plans or Holidays Booking
Get Suggestions below according to the searches and selections (No AI only maching words.)
Holidays Packages Pages

** Document Verification according to the requirement and then saved to the User profile for the Next time which can also be edited


Payment Gateway

Razorpay Payment Gateway Integration
PayPal Payment Gateway Integration
Payment can be added to Wallet anytime in the User profile
OR
The User can make immediate payment also at the Time Of Booking


Landing Pages

Home Page with Advertisement
About Us
Contact Us or Support
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy 
Refund Policy
Company or Office Location with Google map


Referrals

User will get the Referral amount to his Wallet if the reffered user login.
The Referral amount cannot be withdrawn



The estimated timeline for this website development is 45 days. This includes all
the phases from requirement gathering to deployment. The actual timeline may
vary based on the project scope and any unforeseen challenges during
development.

Payment Terms :

Total Price of the whole work is 40,000 rupees.

We propose a payment schedule as follows:

30% upfront payment on starting the work.
30% upfront payment on completion of development.
40% on web deployment and final acceptance.